umbc.edu facebook.com messenger.com nytimes.com qualtrics.com nytco.com nytmediakit.com nytconferences.com timestalks.com instagram.com twitter.com twimg.com t.co youtube.com google.com tbrandcustomevents.com getwiththetimes.com surveymonkey.com tbrandstudio.com vimeo.com 
false true false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false true false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false true false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false true false 
false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false false 

